D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe.config
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLiteDS.Designer.cs
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLiteDS.xsc
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLiteDS.xsd
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLiteDS.xss
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.pdb
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.dll
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.xml
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.about.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.carAdd.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.cars.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.carsAll.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientAdd.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientEdit.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clients.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientsAll.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.login.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.main.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.orderAdd.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.orders.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.ordersAll.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.pdb
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.Designer.cs
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xsc
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xsd
D:\BSU\ServiceStation\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xss
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe.config
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.pdb
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.about.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.carAdd.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.cars.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.carsAll.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientAdd.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientEdit.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clients.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientsAll.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.login.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.main.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.orderAdd.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.orders.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.ordersAll.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.Properties.Resources.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.Designer.cs
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xsc
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xsd
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xss
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.pdb
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.dll
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.xml
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.search.resources
D:\BSU\diploma\SSv2.0\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.orderEdit.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe.config
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.pdb
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.Designer.cs
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xsc
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xsd
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ssSQLite.xss
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.exe
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\ServiceStation.pdb
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.dll
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.dll
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.xml
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\bin\x64\Release\System.Data.SQLite.xml
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.about.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.carAdd.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.cars.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.carsAll.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientAdd.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientEdit.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clients.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.clientsAll.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.login.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.main.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.orderAdd.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.orderEdit.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.orders.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.ordersAll.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.search.resources
d:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
D:\BSU\diploma\backup_buttons\ServiceStation Project\ServiceStation\obj\x64\Release\ServiceStation.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
